docs/Formula-Cookbook.md: mention the use of 'bottle :unneeded' (#7304)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Formula-Cookbook.md

Check the package’s `README`. Does the package install with `./configure`, `cmake`, or something else? Delete the commented out `cmake` lines if the package uses `./configure`.

> If no compilation is involved, add the line `bottle :unneeded` since bottles are unnecessary in that case. Otherwise, a `bottle` block will be added by Homebrew's CI upon merging the formula pull-request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no compilation is involved and there are no `:build` dependencies, add the line `bottle :unneeded` since bottles are unnecessary in this case. Otherwise, a `bottle` block will be added by Homebrew's CI upon merging the formula's pull-request.
```

Author: Thanks for the proof-reading! 👍
